# Start Your No-Code Journey - Day1


Hello there!! 👋

Happy New Year!!!

This is an uber exciting day for me, and I hope it is for you too - we're about to embark on a no-code adventure over 100 days...if you hadn't already realised 😅 !

In this email, we'll be setting you up for success with some key bits of information you need to know...👀


# Why you should be excited 🚀
Firstly, I wanted to say hi and share some thoughts on why you should be pretty excited by learning to no-code! 

[Welcome to the 100DaysOfNoCode Challenge](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Io94u1DA3OM)

# The learning path ahead 🛠️

Ok, so I'm sure this is the part you're most interested in..."what am I actually going to learn"? Good question!

I'll be the first to admit, designing a curriculum for 100 days is a little intimidating, especially for no-code, where there are SO many pathways available. This should give some context to my thinking below...

## ⚡ Phase 1 (Day 2 to 15): a no-code 360°

It's tough to learn any new skill, especially those first couple of weeks. That's why Phase 1 will be fun, structured and empowering. I want you to feel like "Oh, I can actually do this". We won't be focusing on one tool or skill, and instead give you a real birds eye view of the space, and the many cool things you can do with no-code.

Each day we'll build mini projects like journals, personal websites, automations, e-products, directories, mobile apps and more.

## ⚡ Phase 2 (Day 16 to 31): learn the most versatile no-code stack

Phase 2 is about cementing your skills and going deeper into some handpicked tools. One of the biggest problems beginners face is knowing which tools to learn and build with, so we're going to make that decision for you, at least over your first 30-ish days learning to no-code. The 5 tools we'll be learning in Phase 2, are Notion, Airtable, Zapier, Softr and Glide. 

By focusing on these tools, you'll learn the most versatile no-code stack. That's because you'll be able to automate things (with Zapier), organise everything (with Notion), build mobile apps (with Glide), store all your data (with Airtable) and create web apps (with Softr). Not to mention, these tools integrate nicely with eachother too! Most (if not all) your ideas will be buildable using this stack. 

## ⚡ Phase 3 (Day 32 onwards): choose your own journey

Once you have built your first few projects, understood the space more deeply, learnt the most versatile no-code stack and got a feel for what skills or tools you want to learn, you'll be ready for Phase 3.

Whilst Phase 1 prescribes what you'll be learning each day and Phase 2 allows you to dive deeper into specific tools, Phase 3 leans on the fact that everyone will have different needs/interests. That's why we'll be creating modular learning paths for you to pick from as you go. Think of each path as a block that you can choose to plug into your own personalised 100 day journey, pick n' mix style. 

We're in the process of making these paths, so let us know what would be most interesting to you [here](https://airtable.com/shrqqu0s1dKn0BqMy). 

